Update README.md (#1)
AI-App/OpenDevin.OpenDevin: README.md

> [!WARNING]

> > This is a fork of https://github.com/All-Hands-AI/OpenHands (fka OpenDevin)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This is a fork of https://github.com/All-Hands-AI/OpenHands, which was formerly called OpenDevin.
```
